Reduce disk space cleanup time in CI (#733)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: CHANGELOG.md

- [#724](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/724) - Changed the inputs for the FASTQ conversion for the assembly subworkflow to use split BAM files instead of input BAM files when suitable
- [#726](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/726) - Changed cram output test from `samplesheet_multisample_bam` to `samplesheet_target_regions_null` (run on PR towards master), because of slow nf-test
- [#728](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/728) - Changed to only run CRAM conversion for unphased reads when not phasing reads, since they are not published when phasing

> - [#733](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/733) - Reduced the disk space cleanup added to the CI in [#707](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/707) to reduce the step time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#733](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/733) - Removed some of the disk space cleanup steps added to the CI in [#707](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/707) to reduce time requirement
```
